Feature/api 8351 x author (#886)
livechat/livechat-public-docs: content/messaging/agent-chat-api/index.mdx

The method updates the requester's `events_seen_up_to` as if they've seen all chat events.

> To set correct bot name use `X-Author-Id` header.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To call the API as a bot,  use the `X-Author-Id` header set to the bot's name.
```

Reviewer: What do you think about such wording? IMO, it puts emphasis on calling the API as a bot (which is the purpose of the header) rather than just naming the bot (as in https://developers.livechat.com/docs/management/configuration-api/#update-bot where you can set the bot's name) .

Author: It's better than mine - I was just focusing on my use case (bots name), this is showing broader contex. Before I commit this change I will check if header needs to be set to name or bots id

Reviewer: You can actually search & replace this text in all files

> To set correct agent/bot name use `X-Author-Id` header.

Reviewer: Why are agents mentioned? Isn't this header needed only when we want to send a message as a bot?

Author: It can be used with agents name as far as I know - so we can send event as agent (but I need to confirm that)

Reviewer: Ok, please confirm that :) It seems confusing to me as we mention: 
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/42515529/114384699-5befc180-9b8f-11eb-9e40-233fd1a7b4c6.png)

Author: yep, you were right
